hello it's people Luke 99 and today I'm
going to be doing a review of my paper
jams guitar by wahwee I got this from
got this from superstore for 20 bucks
and with the strap for another 10 so
it's all touchscreen it's pretty flat
except for the bar in the middle for the
batteries so this here it has a has a
headphone jack these three buttons work
everything works so let's turn it on so
it has three songs pre-loaded that's the
intro song it has three songs pre-loaded
that you can play along with has a modes
here and a freestyle I like the best
because I really don't like the songs on
the guitar so I'm to select the volume
you you hold volume and you move your
finger up and down this to select so
this the highest this the lowest
and to select the mode you push
mode and then on freestyle push this
and then you can play freestyle
and it only goes up to here these bones
don't work only goes up to this one if
you can see
so that doesn't work and have a couple
of songs on which I'll show you because
they're crap and yeah it's pretty cool
and I would recommend buying it for a
little kid I felt like buying it you
know just for fun because I looked
pretty cool at the time and I still do
enjoy it but I don't play with it as
often so I guess my review remember to
subscribe and check out my channel I'll
make more videos soon bye